
 Problem 1
A company that wants to send data over the Internet has asked you to write a program that will encrypt it so that it may be transmitted more securely. All the data is transmitted as four-digit integers. Your application should read a four-digit integer entered by the user and encrypt it as follows: Replace each digit with the result of adding 7 to the digit and getting the remainder after dividing the new value by 10. Then swap the first digit with the third, and swap the second digit with the fourth. Then print the encrypted integer. Write a separate application that inputs an encrypted four-digit integer and decrypts it (by reversing the encryption scheme) to form the original number.
 

 Problem 2
The formulas for calculating BMI are

BMI = (703 ⋅ w e i g h t I n P o u n d s) /  (h e i g h t I n I n c h e s ^2)
or

BMI = (w e i g h t I n K i l o g r a m s)  / (h e i g h t I n M e t e r s ^ 2)
Create a BMI calculator that reads the user’s weight and height (providing an option for the user to select which formula to use), and then calculates and displays the user’s body mass index. Also, display the BMI categories and their values from the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute: http://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/health/educational/lose_wt/BMI/bmicalc.htm
 (Links to an external site.)
 so the user can evaluate his/her BMI.
 

 Problem 3
Write a simple polling program that allows users to rate five topics from 1 (least important) to 10 (most important). Pick five topics that are important to you (e.g., political issues, global environmental issues, food, video games). Use a one-dimensional array topics (of type String) to store the five issues. To summarize the survey responses, use a 5-row, 10-column two-dimensional array responses (of type int), each row corresponding to an element in the topics array. When the program runs, it should ask the user to rate each issue. Multiple people should be able to respond to the survey during a single run of the program. Once all responses have been logged, have the program display a summary of the results, including:

A tabular report with the five topics down the left side and the 10 ratings across the top, listing in each column the number of ratings received for each topic. 
